#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass revtex4-2
\begin_preamble
% wick theorem with colors
\usepackage{simpler-wick}
\makeatletter
\pgfkeys{simplerwick,wickcolor/.store in=\swick@color,wickcolor=black}
\def\swick@end#1#2{
  \swick@setfalse@#1
  \tikzexternaldisable
  \begin{tikzpicture}[remember picture, baseline=(swick-close#1.base)]
    \node[use as bounding box, inner sep=0pt, outer sep=0pt] (swick-close#1) {$\displaystyle #2$};
  \end{tikzpicture}
  \tikz[remember picture, overlay]
    \draw[\swick@color] ($(swick-open#1.north) + (0, 3pt)$)
          -- ($(swick-open#1.base) + (0, \swick@offset) + #1*(0, \swick@sep)$)
          -- ($(swick-close#1.base) + (0, \swick@offset) + #1*(0, \swick@sep)$)
          -- ($(swick-close#1.north) + (0, 3pt)$);
  \tikzexternalenable}
\makeatother 

% fancy color boxes
\usepackage{color}
\usepackage{tcolorbox}
\usepackage{environ}
\usepackage{etoolbox}
\usepackage{pgf}
\tcbuselibrary{breakable}

\usepackage{xcolor}

% numbering equations
%\usepackage{chngcntr}
%\counterwithin{equation}{section}

\definecolor{green}{RGB}{0, 150, 0}

\usepackage{afterpage}
\usepackage{upgreek}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
tcolorbox
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\notefontcolor #dcdcdc
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 1
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard

\color darkgray
In the heart of an ancient, dense forest, where the trees whispered secrets
 of old and the breeze carried tales of forgotten times, stood the Temple
 of the Crimson Canopy.
 Within its walls lived a community of monkeys, led by an alpha acolyte
 named Onit, draped in a majestic red garment that signified his authority
 and wisdom.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\color darkgray
Onit was not just any monkey; he was revered by his kin for his exceptional
 intelligence, strength, and unwavering devotion to the ancient ways of
 their temple.
 From a young age, he had shown promise, mastering the teachings of the
 elders with unmatched zeal.
 His red garment, adorned with intricate patterns symbolizing the unity
 of the forest and the spirits that dwelled within, marked him as the chosen
 leader of his clan.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\color darkgray
Under Onit's guidance, the monkeys of the Crimson Canopy thrived.
 They spent their days in harmony with the rhythms of the forest, tending
 to the temple grounds, and meditating beneath the sheltering canopy of
 ancient trees.
 But their tranquil existence was soon disrupted by an unforeseen threat.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\color darkgray
A group of humans, driven by greed and blinded by their desire for riches,
 ventured deep into the forest, intent on exploiting its resources.
 They saw the Temple of the Crimson Canopy as nothing more than a hindrance
 to their ambitions and set out to claim the land for themselves.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\color darkgray
Onit sensed the danger looming on the horizon and knew that the time had
 come to defend his home.
 Gathering his fellow acolytes, he devised a plan to protect the temple
 and preserve the sanctity of their forest sanctuary.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\color darkgray
As the humans encroached upon their territory, armed with axes and machines
 of destruction, Onit and his followers launched a daring counterattack.
 With agility and cunning, they outmaneuvered their adversaries, using the
 dense foliage to their advantage and striking with the precision of seasoned
 warriors.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
